hey guys just got a package here from my
uncle who lives in Florida um it was my
birthday like three weeks ago and you
never sent me anything so if I could
also do a turtle moon like okay and he
is a turtle and tortoise breeder um he's
a pretty big breeders not really too big
on really rare turtles and Morse but if
you want to you know hit him up sometime
maybe you can ask him for it you know
i'm going to ask them i'm gonna ask him
if I can give you guys his email address
or sell my best you can email in mission
one turtle but um I'm box him all right
come on this is a record I don't know
what this is a kitty black knob it could
be another diamond back I'm not too sure
maybe a little more not only thing more
feeder where you can be okay turtle sex
pretty rough two min and i'll call okay
him he looks like a pearl river map
sweet oh man this dude's awesome well
thank you uncle what's your name sit
name is uncle Josh Joshua up and I'm
thanks for the Pearl River man you rock
a lot I make an update video of him soon
for now see you guys later I'm going to
warm him up a bit and wash them off
subscribe rate comment my videos friend
me do all good stuff and i'll see you
guys in